readme.md, before:

# About
A busy box is the official word for a sensory exploratory platform for babies. 
This project was made as a birth day gift for Lucie Ameije 2019-04
With a bit of effort, it's as interesting to adults than it is to babies.

Made by Uncle Sensory Overlode.
www.ameije.com

# Upload
- Open the arduino IDE
- Open the "luciebox" folder in the IDE
- Compile and upload should go smoothly.
- (alternatively Platformio for VS-code can be used)


# Versions
- F301: 2021-03-19: Version uploaded before sending boxes home
- F302: 2021-04-20 For the v3 startburst pcb. 


# Manual
- A manual is in the "documentation folder"
- The most up to date manual is a google docs. Online at https://docs.google.com/document/d/1WturQFRmZjFw0ZYRagNDqMO8tlJvhG8SyK8Gmxv2Aj4/edit#


# Motto
- There are no bugs, only features.  Or: every bug is a feature.  (it doesn't matter if things work or not).


# Some out of place blah blah:
- pcbs ordered 20191112   jlc pcb (jlcpcb.com) 10 pieces for about 30cad.
- Invoice No：2818290A20191113144921
- Invoice Date：13/11/2019
- Batch No：W201911131447210

Commit message:

F303. settings mode change easier debug. small bugfixes

readme.md, after:

# About
A busy box is the official word for a sensory exploratory platform for babies. 
This project was made as a birth day gift for Lucie Ameije 2019-04
With a bit of effort, it's as interesting to adults than it is to babies.

Made by Uncle Sensory Overlode.
www.ameije.com

# Upload
- Open the arduino IDE
- Open the "luciebox" folder in the IDE
- Compile and upload should go smoothly.
- (alternatively Platformio for VS-code can be used)


# Versions
- F301: 2021-03-19: Version uploaded before sending boxes home
- F302: 2021-04-20 For the v3 startburst pcb. 
-F303: 2021-04-21: Small bugfixes, easier debug of selector dial in settings app . 


# Manual
- A manual is in the "documentation folder"
- The most up to date manual is a google docs. Online at https://docs.google.com/document/d/1WturQFRmZjFw0ZYRagNDqMO8tlJvhG8SyK8Gmxv2Aj4/edit#


# Motto
- There are no bugs, only features.  Or: every bug is a feature.  (it doesn't matter if things work or not).


# Some out of place blah blah:
- pcbs ordered 20191112   jlc pcb (jlcpcb.com) 10 pieces for about 30cad.
- Invoice No：2818290A20191113144921
- Invoice Date：13/11/2019
- Batch No：W201911131447210
